Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In the last lecture, we uploaded just two product images, but we got multiple images.
Right now, the reason for the error is this.
You can see over here what we are simply saying is once the data has been successfully uploaded with
all these fields, we then want to set back the image list to empty.
And also we want to change the subcategory list to empty.
And also we want to reset the main category value to the default, which says select main category.
Now what we also have to do is to reset the uploaded images URL.
So to do that we have to say image, you are hell.
He made you our hell.
You have hell list.
And we have to set this back to empty or else it's going to still pick from the previous uploaded images
and still upload for this new product.
And this is basically it.
And all you just have to do is to halt restart this.
Hot restarts and it's going to take some time to hot with that.
You just have to wait for the process.
Okay.
And definitely we have to re log in and it's going to hurt.
We start this and now we have to re log in.
I'm going to re log into my store, famous store and the password MSI and log in.
Okay.
And upload products and.
For the main category men and for the subcategory.
I'm going to say jacket and I'm going to pull multiple images.
I'm just going to upload this to jackets.
And select and for the price, I'm going to say on a dollar and for the quantity we have 50 and for
the product name I can say jackets and for the product description I can then say bear sell jacket or
Jack is going to click on upload.
Okay.
We just have to wait for this a bit and go check what is going on in your terminar hat sports.
And still uploading.
I think I have a bit of slow network still uploaded and it's done.
It has to look great.
And now you can see we have two documents now.
And this is the first image.
The first products we uploaded and check.
Okay, great.
You can see now we have just two product images which we applaud.
You can just open this in a new tab and see if it is correct.
It's true and a true copy.
Sorry to alight and controversy to copy and paste this.
To see if it is correct.
Okay.
You can see it's correct.
And we can just try to upload another image, to be sure, another product.
So be sure we don't we do not have any errors.
Okay.
For this category, it's going to be maybe shoes and for this subcategory.
We do not have any category for that.
I'm just going to go in, man, again.
And.
And maybe shares in the future we will upload re products.
Okay.
Maybe I'm just gonna go with this.
And me.
Okay.
And for the price is going to be 60.
And for quantity, it's going to be 60.
And for product name, we can then say shot.
Okay.
And it's going to type something gibberish.
Applaud.
And you can see currently we have to document so we are expecting the said to make its three documents.
Okay.
We just have to wait.
I think over.
I saw it.
I think that.
Yeah.
We have two images.
And we have to images.
Okay.
This is the one we recently uploaded, right?
Best selling, Jack.
Okay.
And I think we caught something short.
Or maybe it is.
Okay.
Jacket.
And this was the first.
Okay, we can just delete this delete document.
Delete.
Okay.
We can just upload another to be sure we are not having any errors.
Men and.
--.
Maybe under a dollar and four C and I'm just going to type something gibberish.
Like I said, in the future we will upload our products and I'm just going to pick this to this and
me and.
Plourde.
Okay.
We just have to wait for this a bit and currently we have to comment and we are expecting that said
document.
Okay.
I think this is taking longer.
I caught you.
Burke Sims could walk in as expected.
What we can just do at this field and use control in a contingency and C and over here to see.
Okay.
Oh, I think it beats awesome.
Sounds good.
No errors.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.